Splitting off spec2vec (#1)
iomega/spec2vec: CONTRIBUTING.md

# Contributing guidelines

We welcome any kind of contribution to our software, from simple comment or question to a full fledged [pull request](https://help.github.com/articles/about-pull-requests/). Please read and follow our [Code of Conduct](CODE_OF_CONDUCT.rst).

A contribution can be one of the following cases:

1. you have a question;
1. you think you may have found a bug (including unexpected behavior);
1. you want to make some kind of change to the code base (e.g. to fix a bug, to add a new feature, to update documentation);
1. you want to make a new release of the code base.

The sections below outline the steps in each case.

## You have a question

> 1. use the search functionality [here](https://github.com/matchms/matchms/issues) to see if someone already filed the same issue;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. use the search functionality [here](https://github.com/iomega/spec2vec/issues) to see if someone already filed the same issue;
```

Author: done

1. if your issue search did not yield any relevant results, make a new issue;
1. apply the "Question" label; apply other labels when relevant.

## You think you may have found a bug

> 1. use the search functionality [here](https://github.com/matchms/matchms/issues) to see if someone already filed the same issue;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. use the search functionality [here](https://github.com/iomega/spec2vec/issues) to see if someone already filed the same issue;
```

Author: done

1. create the pull request, e.g. following the instructions [here](https://help.github.com/articles/creating-a-pull-request/).

In case you feel like you've made a valuable contribution, but you don't know how to write or run tests for it, or how to generate the documentation: don't let this discourage you from making the pull request; we can help you! Just go ahead and submit the pull request, but keep in mind that you might be asked to append additional commits to your pull request.

## You want to make a new release of the code base

To create release you need write permission on the repository.

1. Check author list in `citation.cff` and `.zenodo.json` files
1. Bump the version using `bump2version <major|minor|patch>`. For example, `bump2version major` will increase major version numbers everywhere its needed (code, meta, etc.) in the repo.
1. Update the `CHANGELOG.md` to include changes made
1. Goto [GitHub release page](https://github.com/matchms/matchms/releases)
1. Press draft a new release button
1. Fill version, title and description field
1. Press the Publish Release button

> A GitHub action will run which will publish the new version to [anaconda](https://anaconda.org/nlesc/matchms).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A GitHub action will run which will publish the new version to [anaconda](https://anaconda.org/nlesc).
```

Author: done
